Soldier: WITH THAT,
THE ONLY THING LEFT
TO CHRISTEN THIS DEAL
IS FOR YURI TO DELIVER A WIN.
Yukiko: AND HE WILL.
I PROMISE YOU
AN OVERWHELMING VICTORY.
♪
Yuri: IT SEEMS
CONGRATULATIONS ARE IN ORDER.
Yukiko: EVERYTHING IS FALLING
INTO PLACE JUST AS PLANNED,
AND ALL OF THE THANKS GO TO YOU.
( cork pops )
BUT THE REAL FIGHT
IS ONLY BEGINNING.
ONCE PEOPLE REALIZE
THE POTENTIAL OF GEAR
AND THE INFINITE POSSIBILITIES
IT OFFERS,
SHIRATO'S TECHNOLOGY WILL BECOME
A BEACON OF HOPE FOR THE FUTURE,
AND YOU WILL BE THE ONE
WHO PROVES THAT TO THEM.
COME. LET'S TOAST THE OCCASION
AND MARK THE START
OF OUR NEW DREAM TOGETHER.
( gasps )
Yuri: FOR THE FINAL MATCH,
I'M HAVING THE GEAR REMOVED
SO I CAN FIGHT WITHOUT IT.
THAT WAY, JOE AND I
CAN FIGHT ON EVEN FOOTING.
♪
( singing in Japanese )
Yukiko: YOU WANT
TO REMOVE YOUR GEAR?
DO YOU REALIZE HOW INCREDIBLY
DANGEROUS THAT WOULD BE?
Yuri: YES. THIS IS
WHAT I WANT PERSONALLY,
NOT AS SHIRATO'S FIGHTER.
IT'S A DESIRE I CAN
NO LONGER HIDE AWAY.
Yukiko: THERE'S NO WAY.
I WON'T ALLOW THIS INSANITY.
AND IF I CAN'T GET YOU
TO LISTEN TO REASON,
THEN I WILL HAVE
THE FINALS CANCELED.
‐ Yuri: NO!
‐ ( Yukiko gasps )
Yuri: LISTEN.
JOE RISKED EVERYTHING,
PUT HIS LIFE ON THE LINE
TO FIGHT ME.
IF WE DON'T FIGHT AT MEGALONIA,
IT'LL BE MEANINGLESS.
GOODBYE. THIS IS
THE LAST TIME I COME HERE.
I OWED IT TO YOU
TO LET YOU KNOW.
Yukiko:
AND WHAT ABOUT OUR DREAM?
Yuri: FROM NOW ON,
IT'S JUST YOUR DREAM.
( Yukiko grunts )
( Joe grunting )
( timer beeps )
Sachio: COME ON!
EASE OFF A LITTLE, JOE!
YOU'VE BEEN GOING
NONSTOP ALL DAY.
( Joe panting )
NOT YET.
I STILL NEED TO DO MORE.
Sachio: IS IT BOTHERING YOU?
WHAT HAPPENED TO POPS, I MEAN?
Joe: NO, IT'S NOT THAT.
WE'LL FINALLY FIGHT,
ME AND YURI.
YOU SERIOUSLY EXPECT ME
NOT TO GET PUMPED UP?
Aragaki: YOU HAVEN'T
CHANGED AT ALL, JOE.
( Sachio gasps )
WAIT. WHAT ARE
YOU GUYS DOING HERE?
Nanbu: I ASKED THEM TO COME.
LISTEN, KID. I HAD AN IDEA.
I KNEW IF SOMEONE
DIDN'T STOP YOU‐‐HEH‐‐
YOU'D HIT THAT BAG 'TIL YOU
PUNCHED A HOLE THROUGH IT.
SO I SPOKE WITH MR. MIYAGI HERE
AND ASKED IF WE
COULD BORROW ARAGAKI.
THIS WAY, YOU'LL HAVE
AN ACTUAL SPARRING PARTNER.
Aragaki: UNLESS YOU THINK
I'M NOT UP TO IT.
Joe: NAH, YOU'RE BETTER
THAN SOME OLD PUNCHING BAG.
GEAR UP, AND LET'S GET STARTED.
( timer buzzes )
Sachio: GO, JOE!
COME ON! GET HIM!
Joe: ARE YOUR LEGS
GONNA BE OKAY?
Aragaki: OH, YEAH.
DON'T YOU WORRY ABOUT IT.
( Joe chuckles )
THAT'S GOOD TO HEAR.
I KINDA REGRETTED
NOT KNOCKING YOU OUT, YOU KNOW?
A MISSED OPPORTUNITY.
Aragaki: YEAH, SAME HERE.
( Joe chuckles )
Miyagi: HEY! YOU TWO
KEEP IT COOL IN THERE, OKAY?
AND DON'T FORGET.
THIS IS JUST SPARRING!
Nanbu: THAT'S JOE. HE'S SO HAPPY
TO THROW DOWN WITH SOMEONE,
HE GETS BESIDE HIMSELF.
Miyagi: HMM. ARAGAKI'S THE SAME.
DON'T GET ME WRONG.
HE DOESN'T REGRET RETIRING,
BUT WHEN YOU RANG US UP
ABOUT TRAINING,
THERE WAS NO HIDING
JUST HOW HAPPY HE WAS.
Nanbu: I APPRECIATE THIS.
THANKS AGAIN.
Miyagi: HELL,
I SHOULD BE THANKING YOU.
WE GET TO HELP YOU
TAKE A CRACK AT THE CHAMPION.
Nanbu: CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
ONLY THREE MONTHS AGO, THE KID
AND I WERE JUST SCRAPING BY,
THROWING MATCHES
IN AN UNDERGROUND RING.
AND GET A LOAD OF HIM NOW.
HE'S GONNA BE FIGHTING
THE DAMN CHAMPION
IN THE MEGALONIA FINALS.
THERE'S JUST NO TELLING HOW
TOMORROW NIGHT MIGHT TURN OUT.
ANYTHING'S POSSIBLE.
Miyagi: YOU ALL PAID YOUR DUES
TO GET TO WHERE YOU ARE NOW,
JOE AND ARAGAKI
AND YOU, TOO, I SEE.
( Nanbu chuckles )
LOSING AN EYE WAS NOTHIN',
IF YOU CONSIDER
I GOT TO MEET THE REAL DEAL.
THIS DOESN'T END UNTIL WE
TAKE IT AS FAR AS WE CAN.
IT'S THAT SIMPLE.
Mikio: THAT WAS FAST.
♪
( both chuckle )
Mikio: WHEN I FOUND THIS PLACE,
IT WAS A FORGOTTEN RUIN,
BUT NOW IT'S
FINALLY LOOKING HABITABLE.
NOT MUCH TO IT, BUT THAT'S
PROBABLY WHAT I NEED RIGHT NOW.
Yuri: YOU'VE CHANGED, MIKIO.
( Mikio chuckles )
JUST TRYING TO FIND THE OLD ME.
Yuri: ABOUT THAT FAVOR
I ASKED...
Mikio: IT'S DOWN THERE.
THIS IS THE BARE MINIMUM
OF WHAT WE'D NEED.
Yuri: LET'S GET STARTED
RIGHT AWAY.
Mikio: AND YOU'RE SURE?
YOU'VE THOUGHT IT THROUGH?
REMEMBER, THE INTEGRATED GEAR
IS A PART OF YOUR BODY NOW.
I CAN'T PROMISE
IT CAN BE REMOVED SAFELY.
Yuri: AND FAILING
SCARES YOU NOW?
Mikio: NOT AT ALL.
I LOST TO JOE FAIR AND SQUARE.
I FOUGHT WITH GEAR
AND WAS DEFEATED WITH GEAR.
BUT YOU HAVEN'T
HAD THAT CHANCE.
DO YOU REALLY NEED
TO GO THROUGH WITH THIS?
Yuri: TO PROVE ACE,
YOU'D HAVE STOPPED AT NOTHING.
YOU PUT YOUR LIFE
ON THE LINE TO DO SO.
IN ORDER TO FIGHT JOE
ON EQUAL GROUND,
THIS HAS TO GO.
THERE'S NO DIFFERENCE.
( Mikio sighs )
( traffic whizzing )
( wind blows )
Joe: OH, YEAH?
SO YOU GONNA MAKE ME?
THEN ENLIGHTEN ME, TOUGH GUY.
YOU SHOW ME
WHAT TRUE MEGALO‐BOXING IS.
Yuri: A DOG WOULDN'T GET IT.
Yukiko: YURI!
YURI, NO!
( truck rumbling )
( cell phone buzzing )
Mikio: THE SURGERY WENT WELL.
HIS LIFE'S NOT IN DANGER.
I'D INTENDED TO SEVER
MY CONNECTION WITH SHIRATO.
EVEN SO,
I FIGURED YOU SHOULD KNOW.
( chuckles )
YOU PROBABLY WANT TO ASK
WHY I DIDN'T STOP HIM.
YOU WERE PLANNING
TO USE MEGALONIA
AS A DEMO
FOR THE INTEGRATED GEAR,
GET ALL THE CONTRACTS
AND TERMS YOU WANTED.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT?
YURI DID HIS JOB.
WHY NOT LET HIM DO
WHAT HE WANTS NOW?
Yukiko: BECAUSE HE'S
GONE AGAINST ME.
HE TURNED HIS BACK ON GEAR
AND ON THE FUTURE
JUST TO PURSUE
SOME SORT OF MACHO IDEAL!
I'M GOING TO CANCEL THE FINALS.
THE BATTLE TO DETERMINE
THE GREATEST MEGALO‐BOXER
FOUGHT BY TWO FIGHTERS
WITH NO GEAR?
IT'S ABSOLUTE NONSENSE!
Mikio: HE'S GOING
TO WAKE UP SOON.
WHEN THE DRUGS WEAR OFF,
HE'LL GO THROUGH HELL.
THE DECISION'S
YOURS TO MAKE, YUKIKO.
BUT IT'S NOT
A SIMPLE ONE, IS IT?
YOU AND MEGALONIA
ARE PRETTY INTERTWINED NOW.
Asamoto: IT SEEMS HIS RING NAME
AT THE TIME WAS "JUNK DOG."
HE WAS AN ACTIVE PARTICIPANT
IN MATCHES
IN AN UNSANCTIONED ARENA
IN THE RESTRICTED ZONE,
PART OF AN UNDERGROUND
GAMBLING SYNDICATE.
IT SEEMS
HE WAS THROWING SAID MATCHES
WHILE PARTNERED
WITH GANSAKU NANBU.
Nanbu: MIKIO MANAGED TO DIG UP
SOME THINGS IN OUR PAST
THAT WE CAN'T LET
SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY.
Asamoto: THE I. D. YOU PROVIDED
HAS BEEN CONFIRMED
AS COUNTERFEIT.
EVEN THE NAME "JOE" IS AN ALIAS.
WE KNOW NOTHING
ABOUT HIS ACTUAL IDENTITY.
BUT WITHOUT LEGAL I. D.,
IT'S CLEAR THAT HE'S
AN ILLEGITIMATE NON‐CITIZEN,
WHICH MAKES OUR FINALIST
A SHAM BOXER
WITH NO RIGHT TO PARTAKE
IN SANCTIONED MATCHES.
Yukiko: STILL,
HE DEFEATED MY BROTHER
AND BURROUGHS AND ARAGAKI.
Yuri: "GEARLESS" JOE,
HE HAS TRUE SKILL.
Asamoto: THESE FINDINGS
ARE ENOUGH JUSTIFICATION
TO CANCEL THE FINALS
FOR MEGALONIA.
THERE WOULD BE ZERO
ADVERSE EFFECTS ON THE CONTRACT.
Yukiko: I DON'T GET IT.
Asamoto: MADAM?
Yukiko: WHY WOULD THEY GO
TO SUCH INCREDIBLE LENGTHS
TO SIMPLY BEAT ON EACH OTHER?
Asamoto: I'M SORRY?
Yukiko: I NEED
TO THINK ABOUT THIS.
KEEP THIS INFORMATION
CONFIDENTIAL IN THE MEANTIME.
Asamoto: ARE YOU SURE?
( sighs )
( door opens )
( door closes )
( Joe grunting )
( Nanbu chuckles )
( crowd cheering )
OH?
( chuckles )
Man: HEY.
Nanbu: HELL OF A FIGHT.
ROUGH TECHNIQUE,
BUT YOU GOT THE KNACK.
H‐HEY!
COME ON. HOLD UP.
HEY! HOLD UP, BROTHER.
‐ COME ON! TALK TO ME!
‐ Joe: SHUT UP, DUDE.
GET OUT OF MY WAY,
AND DON'T CALL ME BROTHER.
Nanbu: WHAT'S YOUR NAME,
PAL? HUH?
Joe: DON'T GOT ONE.
NOW BUZZ OFF, POPS. I'M BUSY.
Nanbu: HEY! DON'T BE LIKE THAT!
HANG ON A SEC!
I KNOW A BETTER WAY
TO MAKE SOME CASH!
Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: YOU NEED SOMEONE
TO WATCH OUT FOR YOU,
SOMEONE LIKE ME.
JOE!
Joe: HUH?
Nanbu: YOUR STANCE
ISN'T CUTTING IT.
YOU'RE NOT STEPPING IN RIGHT.
Boys: HUH?
( all stammer )
Santa: HOW CAN YOU TELL?
I MEAN...
Oicho: YOU CAN'T SEE, RIGHT?
Nanbu: FROM THE SOUND.
IF HIS PUNCHES WERE SHARP,
THEY WOULDN'T SOUND
LIKE THE SLOPPY, WET FARTS
OF SOME HALF‐ASLEEP,
STUMBLING COW.
HOW MANY TIMES DO I
HAVE TO TELL YOU?
YOU GOTTA DISTRIBUTE
YOUR WEIGHT EVENLY!
SLACK OFF JUST 'CAUSE
I CAN'T SEE YOU,
AND I'LL BEAT YOUR ASS!
Joe: WHAT DO YOU THINK
OF THAT, POPS? ANY BETTER?
‐ Nanbu: NOT TOO BAD.
‐ ( boys laughing )
Sachio: LOOK.
Aragaki: QUITE A TEAM
YOU'VE GOT.
Nanbu: YEAH, IT IS.
THEY'RE REALLY SOMETHING.
Aragaki: AND JOE,
THAT GUY IS AMAZING.
Joe: WHAT DOES THIS COLUMN MEAN?
Aragaki: HE MIGHT
ACTUALLY HAVE A SHOT
‐ AT BEATING YURI, YOU KNOW?
‐ Joe: YOU'VE BEEN BUSY.
( Nanbu chuckles )
HE'S CAPABLE OF ANYTHING.
MAYBE HE'S BEEN THE ONE
WATCHING OUT FOR ME.
( both laugh )
( Yuri groaning )
( screams )
( groaning )
( thumping )
( grunting )
( panting )
WHO IS THAT?
( gasping )
( screaming )
( muffled scream )
Mikio: HE'S BEEN LIKE THIS
FOR FIVE DAYS.
( dog whimpering )
Yukiko: IS THERE NOTHING
YOU CAN DO FOR THE PAIN?
NO DRUG? ANYTHING?
( Yuri screams )
( Yukiko gasping )
( Mikio sighs )
A DOSE OF THIS
COULD EASE HIS SUFFERING.
BUT HE SAID,
"IF I CAN'T TAKE THE PAIN,
THEN I DON'T DESERVE
TO FACE HIM IN THE RING."
HE REFUSED
WHEN I BROUGHT IT UP.
BUT YOU, YUKIKO,
HE MIGHT LISTEN TO YOU.
( Yukiko gasps )
( footsteps echoing )
IT'S TIME TO GO HOME NOW, YURI.
( Yuri sighing )
Yukiko: IT'S IMPOSSIBLE FOR YOU
TO DO ANY FIGHTING
IN THIS CONDITION.
WE'LL REATTACH YOUR GEAR,
AND YOU CAN STAND
PROUD AND TALL AGAIN.
YOU'RE SHIRATO'S‐‐
NO, YOU'RE MY FUTURE.
( Yuri sighs )
I DREAMED ONE
OF MY OLD DREAMS...
Yukiko: EH?
Yuri: FROM ANOTHER TIME,
LONG BEFORE YOU AND I MET.
THE MAN
WHO TAUGHT ME MEGALO‐BOXING
TOLD ME SOMETHING
I'LL NEVER FORGET.
"IF YOU'RE LUCKY ENOUGH
"TO RUN INTO A FIGHTER
IN YOUR GENERATION
"WHO YOU WANT TO WIN AGAINST
FROM THE BOTTOM OF YOUR HEART,
"CONSIDER YOURSELF BLESSED.
"IF YOU EVER FIND
SOMEONE LIKE THAT,
NEVER LET HIM
OUT OF YOUR SIGHT."
I'VE FINALLY MET THE OPPONENT
HE WAS TALKING ABOUT.
YUKIKO, TRY TO UNDERSTAND.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO GAVE ME A REASON TO LIVE.
I'M ASKING YOU, PLEASE DON'T
TAKE IT AWAY FROM ME NOW.
( birds chirping )
( dog panting )
( Yukiko groans )
( dog barks )
( Yukiko gasps )
Trainer: HE'S IN TOP FORM.
I DOUBT ANY FIGHTER COULD TAKE
HIS RIGHT AND REMAIN STANDING.
( Yuri grunting )
( Yukiko gasps )
Trainer: YURI!
Yuri: HMM?
( jump‐ropes slapping )
Shirato: APOLOGIES
FOR INTERRUPTING YOUR TRAINING.
Yuri: IT'S FINE, SIR.
Shirato: I WANTED TO INTRODUCE
YOU TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER, YUKIKO.
Yukiko: IT'S NICE TO MEET YOU.
Yuri: MY HANDS ARE
A BIT SWEATY, SO...
( Yukiko chuckles )
( Yuri chuckles )
Shirato: THE TWO OF YOU
ARE THE FUTURE OF SHIRATO.
( Yuri grunting )
Mikio: INCREDIBLE, HUH?
IT LOOKS LIKE
WE BOTH UNDERESTIMATED HIM.
YUKIKO?
Yukiko: I HAVE NO BUSINESS
WITH A GEARLESS BOXER.
NOW HE'S JUST LIKE YOU,
A PART OF ME THAT IS
NO LONGER CONNECTED TO SHIRATO.
GOODBYE, BROTHER.
I WISH YOU WELL.
( Mikio chuckles )
( door closes )
♪
Joe: YAHOO!
( laughs )
Sachio: WHAT'S YOUR DEAL?
SHOULDN'T YOU STILL BE TRAINING?
Joe: I'M FIGHTING YURI.
LAST‐MINUTE CHIN‐UPS
AREN'T GONNA HELP ME.
COME ON IN.
THE WATER WILL RELAX YOU.
Sachio: AND GET ALL WET?
NO, THANKS, DUDE.
( Joe laughs )
SO YOU CAN'T SWIM, I TAKE IT.
( laughing )
Sachio: I KNOW HOW TO SWIM!
DAMN IT. FINE, I'LL SHOW YOU.
( Joe gasps )
I HEARD YOU TOOK IN
MY PAL HERE.
I WANTED TO THANK YOU FOR THAT,
BUT DIDN'T GET THE OPPORTUNITY.
( Yukiko chuckles )
HE ACCIDENTALLY DROPPED THIS.
‐ Joe: HUH?
‐ Sachio: HUH?! WHAT THE‐‐
WAIT! IT'S GONE!
WHEN DID THAT HAPPEN?!
( Joe chuckles )
WELL, KNOWING YOU,
YOU LOOKED INTO IT, DIDN'T YOU?
Yukiko: YES.
I KNOW ALL ABOUT YOUR PAST,
EVERYTHING YOU WERE HIDING.
Joe: SO, THEN...
Yukiko: SO THEN NOTHING.
I'VE ONLY COME TO RETURN IT
TO YOU. HERE YOU GO.
Joe: ARE YOU SURE?
I'M GONNA WIN IT ALL.
I'LL BEAT YOUR CHAMP.
( Yukiko chuckles )
YURI'S HAD
ALL OF HIS GEAR REMOVED.
( Joe gasps )
Sachio: HE DID WHAT?!
Yukiko: IT WAS TO FIGHT YOU,
TO FIGHT AGAINST "GEARLESS" JOE.
( car drives away )
♪
Singer: ♪♪ YO
♪♪ YO
( rapping in Japanese )
( rapping ends )
♪
♪♪Singer: ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
‐ ♪♪ 6, 7, 8, 9
‐ ♪♪ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5...
( singing in Japanese )